Dynamic import expressions (#621)
meteor/docs: source/packages/dynamic-import.md

The `dynamic-import` package provides an implementation of
`Module.prototype.dynamicImport`, an extension of the module runtime which
powers the [dynamic `import(...)`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-dynamic-import)
statement, an up-and-coming (ECMA2020) addition to the
ECMAScript standard.

> The dynamic `import(...)` statement is a complimentary method to the static

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dynamic `import(...)` statement is a complementary method to the static
```

  tool.task();
}
```
{% blockquote %}
**Default exports**

The `import(...)` `Promise` is resolved with the `exports` of the module.
If it's necessary to use the "default" export from a module, it will be
available on the `default` property of the resulting object.  In the above
examples, this means it will be available as `tool.default`.  It can be
helpful to use parameter de-structuring to provide additional clarity:

```js
import("another-tool").then(({ default: thatTool }) => thatTool.go());
```

> {% endblockquote %}

Author: For some reason, having a code block inside a blockquote works fine if it's the end of the file. Adding extra content caused it to break, so I fixed it by changing the markdown blockquote to a hexo-nunjucks one and it works fine now 🤷‍♂️

> ```js
> import("another-tool").then(({ default: thatTool }) => thatTool.go());
> ```

### Using `import()` with dynamic expressions

> If you try to import using any computed expression like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you try to import using any computed expression, such as:
```

```js
let path = 'example';
const module = await import(`/libs/${path}.js`);
```
You'll get an error like so:
```js
Error: Cannot find module '/libs/example.js'
```

Meteor’s build process builds a graph of all files that are imported or required 

> using static analysis. It then creates exact bundles of the the referenced files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using static analysis. It then creates exact bundles of the referenced files
```

and makes them available to the client for `import()`.

Without a complete import statement (static, dynamic or `require`), Meteor won't
make that module available for `import()`.

> The solution to make dynamic expressions work is to create a module white-list 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution to make dynamic expressions work is to create a module "whitelist"
```

> that can be read by the build process, but does not actually run like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that can be read by the build process, but does not actually run. For example:
```

```js
if (false) {
  import("/libs/example.js");
  import("/libs/another-example.js");
  import("/libs/yet-another-example.js");
}
```
This whitelist must be imported in both client and server code so the 
referenced modules are included. Make sure the whitelist is imported from the 

> client and server entry points.

Reviewer: I think you can drop the first sentence. The second says it all.

## Difference to other bundling systems

> In Meteor's implementaiton, the client has perfect information about which

Reviewer 2: Typo in `implementaiton`

> In Meteor's implementaiton, the client has perfect information about which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Meteor's implementation, the client has perfect information about which
```

modules were in the initial bundle, which modules are in the local cache, and
which modules still need to be fetched. There is never any overlap between
requests made by a single client, nor will there be any unneeded modules in the
response from the server. You might call this strategy **exact code splitting**,
to differentiate it from bundling.

Moreover, the initial bundle includes the hashes of all available dynamic
modules, so the client doesn't have to ask the server if it can use a cached
version of a module, and the same version of the module never needs to be
downloaded again by the same client. This caching system has all the benefits of
immutable caching.

> Meteor also allows dynamic expressions as the dependency is expressed statically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meteor also allows dynamic expressions as long as the dependency is expressed statically
```

somewhere else in your code. This is possible because Meteor's client-side module
system understands how to resolve dynamic strings at runtime (which is not true
in webpack or browserify, because they replace module identifier strings with 

> numbers). However, the set of available modules is constrained by the string 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
numbers). However, the set of available modules is constrained by the
```

> literals that you, the programmer, explicitly decided to allow to be imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whitelist that you, the programmer, explicitly decided to allow to be imported.
```

Author: Thanks for the review. This was the only one I haven't added to the new commit, as this part is explaining module splitting in general, which works for all literal imports and not just whitelists. 

I could add another reference to the whitelist here?
Something like this? 
> However, the set of available modules is constrained by the string literals that you, the programmer, explicitly decided to allow to be imported (either directly or in a whitelist).

Reviewer: Sounds good to me. 👍
